Videos UI: README (#62467)
Automattic/wp-calypso: client/components/videos-ui/README.md

# Videos UI

> The Videos UI is ment to show a video showcase fullscreen. The UI can be adapted to different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Videos UI is meant to show a full screen video showcase. The UI can be adapted to different
```

                <ModalHeaderBar onClose={ onClose } { ...headerProps } />
            ) }
            FooterBar={ ( footerProps ) => (
                <ModalFooterBar onBackClick={ onClose } { ...footerProps } />
            ) }
            areVideosTranslated={ false }
        />
    );
}
```
It is helpful to notice how the `HeaderBar` and `FooterBar` props are prepared. By using
a function wrapper we can guarantee that the props sent by `VideosUi` are being passed
down to the specific header and footer in addition to the custom properties this components might take (in 
this case `onClose` and `onBackClick`).

## Props

- `courseSlug` a string identifying the course metadata. This is used to fetch course information from
the data endpoint.

- `HeaderBar` a component representing the top bar of the Video UI. Props received:
    - `course` the course information.
- `FooterBar` a component representing the fotter of the Video UI. Props received:
    - `course` the course information.
    - `isCourseComplete` wheter the course was viewed completely by the user.
- `areVideosTranslated` a boolean flag indicating wheter the videos are translated from English. If they

> are not a banner displaying this situation is showed to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are not, a banner displaying this situation is shown to the user.
```
